Fengming jade
That's impossible.
This is a symbol of the highest honor
Fengming jade is the founding treasure of the building
Godly existence
Bless me for 80 years of Daxia national luck
More than that
10 years ago, the king announced to the world
Declare to hold the Fengming Emperor
As a first-class state matter
Represent the national prestige of Great Xia
National prestige is approaching
Like thunder
Dare not obey
Those who dare to violate national prestige
Big One Million Dragon Banner
Didn't you just ask where our country is?
Those who are honored represent national prestige
I am Guowei
You can't afford it
I kneel
I, I, you can't afford it
fake fake fake
This month must be fake
Lord Zhongzheng has arrived
Ye Zongzheng, you came just in time
You are in charge of royal affairs
This village woman is rebellious
How dare you humiliate this princess
What kind of broken jade did you take?
What is Fengming jade?
Hurry up and get him to kneel down to this princess
I will save him for emergency punishment
Princess, please calm down
Even if you are a princess
Can't make him kneel
Because that jade is real